TF-6866 Update Policy Sets API documentation (#387)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/policy-sets.mdx

[Policy Enforcement](/terraform/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement) lets you use the policy-as-code frameworks Sentinel and Open Policy Agent (OPA) to apply policy checks to Terraform Cloud workspaces.

> Policy sets let you group related policies by attributes like environment or region. You can then apply each policy set to one or more workspaces and projects. For these workspaces, Terraform Cloud checks every Terraform plan against each policy in the set.

Reviewer: should "these" be here?

Author: I didn't change that text so that exists in production today so I'm going to leave it.

> <!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:pnp-callout -->

Author: The `<!-- BEGIN: ...` format is causing the red highlighting below.

      }
    },
    "relationships": {

>       "projects": {

Reviewer: hmm, I think projects appears after workspaces in the relationships block.

  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/policy-sets/polset-3yVQZvHzf5j3WRJ1/relationships/policies
```

## Attach a Policy Set to projects

`POST /policy-sets/:id/relationships/projects`

| Parameter | Description                                                                                      |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `:id`     | The ID of the policy set to attach to projects. Use the "List Policy Sets" endpoint to find IDs. |

> -> **Note:** Policy sets marked as global cannot be attached to individual projects.

Author: I like it!

  https://app.terraform.io/api/v2/policy-sets/polset-3yVQZvHzf5j3WRJ1/relationships/policies
```

## Detach a Policy Set from projects

`DELETE /policy-sets/:id/relationships/projects`

| Parameter | Description                                                                                      |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `:id`     | The ID of the policy set to attach to projects. Use the "List Policy Sets" endpoint to find IDs. |

Reviewer 2: Typo - The ID of the policy set to detach from projects.

Author: Good catch! It's been updated.

| `newest-version`  | The most recently created policy set version, regardless of status. Note that this relationship may include an errored and unusable version, and is intended to allow checking for VCS errors. |
| `organization`    | The organization associated with the specified policy set.                                                                                                                                     |
| `policies`        | Individually managed policies which are associated with the policy set.                                                                                                                        |

> | `projects`        | The projects to which the policy set applies.                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: Again here, just to maintain consistency, projects should go after workspaces?

| `newest-version`  | The most recently created policy set version, regardless of status. Note that this relationship may include an errored and unusable version, and is intended to allow checking for VCS errors. |
| `organization`    | The organization associated with the specified policy set.                                                                                                                                     |
| `policies`        | Individually managed policies which are associated with the policy set.                                                                                                                        |

> | `projects`        | The projects to which the policy set applies.                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `projects`        | The project this policy set applies to.                                                                                                                                                  |
```
